You were reading the BBC in-house magazine on the jubilee Line (12 November), I was coughing hot tea through my nostrils. Surely you can't have forgotten? Write now to smitten, weak-kneed, severely burned, bumbling F (32, but normally I look younger). I'll be quite a catch when my top lip has healed. And this brace isn't for ever. Box no. 7432.
I'll see you at the LRB singles night. I'll be the one breathing heavily and stroking my thighs by the 'art' books. Asthmatic, varicosed F (93) seeks M to 30 with enough puffin him to push me uphill to the post office. This is not a euphemism. Box no. 4632.
I wonder if Clive James reads these. And if he does, would he find me attractive enough to write to? Hope not, I'm after an early-twenties stud-muffin capable of obscene bedroom gymnastics. Woman, 74, living in perpetual hope (and a care home in Pendle), WLTM nearest thing in an Easy-Up-Chair-equipped bungalow. Box no. 4321.
If dreams were eagles, I would fly, but they ain't, and that's the reason why. Spend New Year singing into your hairbrush with the Goombay Dance Band and me, bitter publishing marketing exec. (F, 33), too drunk at the office party to keep all my slobber behind my teeth. Golden star that leads to paradise. Like a river's running to the ocean I'll come back to you four thousand miles. Box no. 6308.
You should know that by placing this advert I've lowered my expectations considerably. Now even you're in with a chance. Don't blow it by mentioning your mother and your predilection for bluestocking NAAFI-types.' Woman, 46, accustomed to disappointment, but not that much. Box no. 2541.
Your age is immaterial, your looks irrelevant. Your bank balance, on the other hand - let's not joke about with that. Grabbing F (28). Box no. 3652.
I know you like me-you're just too self-conscious to do anything about it. I blame your overbearing mother. And your lazy eye. It was me you were flirting with, wasn't it? Loving, considerate F (34). Box no. 5324
From now on I'm only going to reply to my own ads. That's because I'm funnier and better-looking than any of you. Publicist F, 29. Box no. 5132.
I've divorced better men than you. And worn more expensive shoes than these. So don't think placing this ad is the biggest come-down I've ever had to make. Sensitive F, 34. Box no. 6322.
Meet the new me. Like the old me only less nice after three ads without any sexual intercourse. 42-year-old fruitcake (F). Box no. 2611.
If you really wanted to get to know me, you'd fly me to Riobamba. Tickets and flight itinerary, please, to advantage-taking woman, 41, Staffs. Box no. 2612.
I'm a Pisces - which makes you and me a bad match, but how about your good-looking friend? Non-committal, easily-distracted, fly-by-night F (35). Sorry, I think I just heard my phone ring. Box no. 2541.
Jams, nittles, grawlix and quimp. This column gets more profane with every issue. Strait-laced, bluestocking F seeks to establish higher standard with well-heeled gentleman to 60 with some degree of euphemistic dexterity when the moment demands it
Arty, well-read, gorgeous, blonde woman (29), currently working in publishing, WLTM intelligent, sensitive man to 35. Thumb this ad with nervous excitement any more than you already are and you'll end up with a yeast infection. Box no. 6212.
Male readers of the LRB: trawling for sex as your opening gambit doesn't really work. Talk to me about your favourite author; the painting that means the most to you; what smells remind you of your childhood; the day you first saw your parents differently; your first holiday; your favourite place to read; the last recipe you followed; the most recent newspaper clipping you kept; the name of a lover you most recently remembered; your favourite stretch of water; what you like most about Paris or Rome or London; the last time you fed ducks on a pond. Actually, I'm short on time, go ahead and trawl. Woman, 39. Publishing. Get on with it. Box no. 5201.
No,' I said, 'this is comedy,' and threw the biscotti- and his skinny mocha latte - right back in his face. Edgy, humourless F, 41, banned from most train-station Costas. Strangely alone at box no. 6323.
CONGRATULATIONS! You are the thousandth reader to pass this ad by. Your prize is to pay for dinner and listen to me bitch about my university colleagues until pub turfing-out time. And no, you don't get sex. Ever. Ever, ever, ever. Sensitive F, 38. Box no 7382.
Every time I read these ads I cringe with the knowledge that they are all me. And some are you. And we'll probably end up liking each other very much. But let me tell you now, you're not the sort of man I'd normally get off with (he's reading the Conde Nast Traveller). You'll do for now, though, but no tongues, and careful where you put those hands. Box no.7231.
Don't let distance come between us. Or metal bars. Or restricted access. Or the magic sweeties that make the night terrors go away. Write now to bubbly (others say 'Maximum Security' but what do they know?) F, 34, before the clowns tell her to do things that clowns shouldn't do. Box no. 7635.
Last time I had this much fun, I was on forty tablets a day. It's all downhill from here, so reply to edgy woman, 36, before the good times come to an abrupt halt and the prescriptions finally dry up. Box no. 2596.
We brushed hands in the British Library, then again in the London Review Bookshop, reaching for Musil. And then once more on the tube, getting off at Ladbroke Grove. Serial random hand-brusher (F, 32, publicity exec.) demands attention, followed by more attention, followed by extended periods of self-pity. It's all me, me, me at box no. 8537.
Medication-free after all these years! Join me (anxious, overweight, self-harming flautist, F, 34) for congratulatory drink (or seven) in side-ward of the nation's finest. Box no. 4425.
'Look, Mother, I'm sorry for failing my medical exams, but not being a doctor doesn't make me any less of a son.' Tired of partners who talk in their sleep? Meet insomniac woman (51), who's heard it all before. If you sleep like a log, or currently take lots of medication after 10 p.m., write to me and we can both get some rest. Box no. 4312.
Take the last train to Clarksville and I'll meet you at the station. Unless the 10.15 to Watney has been delayed. In which case I'll get the bus - meet me at Morrisons, by the front entrance. If you can't find your way there, get a taxi and I'll give you the fare when I arrive, but make sure you take some change with you. If you don't have any change, take a trumpet so that you can busk for some. Woman, 38, burdened by the need to make contingency plans, seeks well-ordered man to 45. Or woman to 50. Or anyone to 60. Write to box no. 3485. If you can't find stamps, place an ad here and I'll get back to you. If the office is closed, email it. If you can't write, send a taped voice message. Etc., etc.
Woman, 56, much happier now. Currently at peace with herself and the world. Seeks dependable significant other who doesn't mind listening. Must like cats and darkness. Box no. 7322.
I buy all my goods from catalogues specialising in mock Victoriana and post-war trinkets. And I fully expect you to join me in table billiards, charades and Sunday Bible-reading. Strait-laced, edgy F (42) keeping rationing alive in a jolly nostalgia sense while specialists deliberate the correct course of treatment. Box no. 5312.
Five things I can't live without: the smell of lavender in my garden; eagerly awaited summers; the films of David Lean; my subscription to the LRB; my alone time between the hours of 4.30 p.m. and midnight-if you speak during that time I must kill you. Edgy publicist (F, 35) requires a large berth and mucho sedation three out of every four weeks. Box no. 5298.
The placing of this advert has less to do with me wanting to find love and more to do with me being an attention whore. Reply now before I'm forced to cartwheel at the next London Review Bookshop reading. Woman, 34. Box no. 7664.
Checking the winning Premium Bonds on Ceefax - that's as active as my monthly cycle gets. Post-HRT Woman's Weekly defector and overcautious wannabe gambler seeks herbalist with some knowledge of racing form. Finally the years of wild living have arrived. Box no. 4487.
Stop that damn whistling! The decorators are always in with hypertensive publishing F (34), on the look-out for evening primrose oil smuggler. Box no. 2801.
Huge frontal lobes and hyperactive Broca's area, in cute casing, seeks non-mutant XY genotype (forties, fifties) with intact cortico-limbic connections and own teeth. Box no. 8064.
Researchers at the Australian National University recently employed a technique called electromagnetically induced transparency, in which a beam of laser light puts the atoms in a solid sample into a state in which a signal light pulse can be trapped. They succeeded in stopping light for more than one second. Despite this remarkable advance in science and technology, I still can't get a man. If you can explain why in 2,000 words or less, I'll share my ideas for nuclear toast extraction with you. And possibly have sex. Woman, 41. Intelligent, austere and mentally-troubled like all good forty-something women should be. Box no. 7532.
Only the good die young. And sea-monkeys. Providing you flush them. Reclaim those years of bitter disappointment, waiting for the turgid little insects of your life to blossom into entertaining webbed- toed critters, with good, honest cephalopod (35). Underwater kingdom and X-ray specs available from box no.5789.
Your stars for today: a pretty Cancerian (35) will cook you a lovely meal, caress your hair softly, then squeeze every damn penny from your adulterous bank account before slashing the tyres of your Beamer. Let that serve as a warning. Now then, risotto? Box no. 7394.
The pressure exerted on your body if you tried to read this advert in the hadal regions of the ocean would be enough to turn you into a hideous slime- thing with brains dripping out of your ears. Publicity exec. (F, 28) seeks any type of happiness afforded by this cold, desolate planet before, without food, without hope, and with too many Nick Hornby book endorsements to collect, I fall asleep for ever. Could be gay for the right woman. Box no. 5212.
Don't speak, you'll only destroy my already low opinion of you. And put your pants back on. And your wig. Terminally disappointed woman (38, Bamstaple) WLTM a man. Form a queue, then I'll negotiate the criteria. Box no. 2106.
Male LRB readers. Drawing little faces on your thumbs, getting them to order meals, then shouting at them for not being able to pay is no way to win a woman. You know who you are. Men to 40 with working credit cards, reply to once-bitten, twice- bitten, three-strikes-and-you're-all-out F, 35. Box no. 1379.
Depressed, oversensitive, edgy tax inspector (F, 35, 13st. 10lb). Accident waiting to happen at box no. 2780.
This advert is the thinnest in the paper. As such, it offers little burning potential should a disaster strike the earth and fuel become unavailable to those other than the most powerful. Bum the other ads instead, and sleep with mine under your pillow, dreaming of what might have been had you actually replied to it rather than making contingency plans for the end of the world. Woman, 39, seeks man to 45 who isn't prone to bouts of panic buying or nervous rashes. Box no. 0886.
'Regarding the cerebellum, there is a culture and a presentation. Both hold sway.' Andromeda-fixated thirty-something poof. Damn sure I'm not the only one in here. Fairly certain, however, that I do have the finest frontal lobes in the tri-galaxies and would look hot as fusion in a bikini. Please help me. Box no. 5553.
This column reads like a list of X-File character rejects. Woman, 34, able to bi-locate and start fires with the power other pre-menstrual tension. Seeks human/Jovian hybrid with whom to start genetic processing plant (Bicester). Must have own car. Box no.5258.
But what the authorities didn't reckon on was my ability to stop a goat's heart with my mind. Ex- Master Criminal and Super Villain (F, 42), now Dorset museum curator, WLTM bald, wheelchair-bound, telekinetic biophysicist with morphing powers to relive old times thwarting the do-good citizens of Weymouth. For tomorrow we take on the world. Box no.1379.
Attention male LRB readers: 'Greetings, Earthling-I have come to infest your puny body with legions of my spawn' is no way to begin a reply. F, 36 - suspicious of any men declaring themselves to be in possession of a 'great sense of humour'. Box no. 6413.
Sexless, dour and uninteresting - and that was just my driving-test report. Post-plucking woman (41) representing a real challenge to the sternest of male egos seeks cavalryman to 45 ready to throw off this knitted plaid mantle and cast it into the fires of lusty abandon. Or else we could just play Jenga. Shropshire borders. Box no. 2542.
By the time they publish this personal ad you'll have found someone else. Two weeks too late woman (37), always at the mercy of LRB publishing cycles. Box no. 3542.
Ladies: naturally apologetic man, 42, predisposed to accepting the blame. Whatever it was, it was my fault. - Sorry. Sound like heaven? Box no. 5233.
