Tonight, female LRB readers to 90, I am the hunter and you are my quarry. 117-year-old male Norfolk Viagra bootlegger finally in the mood for a bit of young totty. Which realistically could be any one of you with working hip joints and a minimum 20% lung capacity. Hopeful right through the Complan and Horlicks main course at box no. 3112.
Love is strange -wait 'til you see my feet
These ads try too hard to be funny. Not me, I'm a natural. Juggling, monkey-faced idiot (M, 36). Box no. 5312.
Toilet duties. That's where you come in - buxom, 22-year-old, blonde stereotype not shy of adjusting the surgical stockings of 73-year-old misanthrope with poor bladder control. Failing that, just send care-home brochures to box no. 0278.
Join me for sit-ups in Dairy-Free week! M, 42, big-boned. Box no. 6421.
Hoxton salad-dodger (42 - my age and my waist; M - my sex not my coat size, that's strictly XL) WI.TM LRB chubster with an interest in red meat and mustardy dressings. Free first Tuesday of every month, Slimmer's World every Wednesday. Box no. 1275.
My animal passions would satisfy any woman, if only it weren't for the filibustering of this damned colon. And the chafing of these infernal hospital sheets. Write now to M, 83, for ward visiting hours and a list of approved solids. Box no. 2377.
Every Christmas, without fail, the LRB produces the biggest turkey. This year it's me - monocled, plaid-festooned gadabout, out of place in any relationship, or century, that fails to recognise the comfort of a secure knickerbocker. Please help me. Man, possibly your embarrassing uncle, 51. Box no. 0563.
Most vegetarians complain about missing the taste of bacon. Not me, I complain about my liver disease. And rural postal services. Man, 40. Box-no. 3143.
Either I'm desperately unattractive, or you are all lesbians. Bald, pasty man (61) with nervous tick and unclassifiable skin complaint believes it to be the latter but holds out hope for dominant (yet straight) ferns at box no. 1075.
You'll regret replying to this ad - its owner smells of peas. But if you too live in a care home where the quality of the shower water is poor and access to the bath hoist is determined by an inadequate monthly rotation schedule, then write to flaky 72-year-old man with no recollection of where any of these stains have come from, box no. 4220.
Literary agents! Save time when considering a manuscript by not bothering to read it all. Instead, set two beetles to race across the front page - one, a crippled, three-legged blind beetle named 'Accept', the other a steroid-taking model of beetle athleticism, wearing the very best beetle roller-skates, being pulled by a team of 6 beetle-sized horses and called 'Destroy Every Dream This Man Ever Had'. Whichever beetle wins decides the fate of the author. For a full set of rules and a license to play (patent pending), write to sobbing, separated, newly alcoholic, chain-smoking man, 38, on pills for his nerves. Box no. 3524.
Beer Barrel Polka, Pennsylvania Polka, Rain Rain Polka, Mountaineer Polka, Please Help Me, Three Dollar Polka, Who Stole the Kishka Polka, Oh God Help Me, Johnny's Knocking Polka, Two Step Czardas, omebody Please Help, Parobek Czardas,.Matka Waltz, Sailor Boy Polka, In The Name of God Won't Somebody Help Me, Horse Horosza, Young Years Polka, Silver Slipper Polka, Please Anybody, Ferry Boat Polka, My Garden Polka, Please, Clarinet Polka, Hu La La Polka. Box no. 3698.
'Publishers! Save time when considering new book recommendations by submerging literary agents completely in water. Those who drown will have been essentially good souls and should be prayed for, whilst those who live will be witches and must be burned at the stake. Lonely man, too poor to buy food, his own children refuse to talk to him, 38, on pills for his nerves. Box no. 6322.
I'm more than aware that this isn't actually a selling point, but none the less it's my favourite statistic about me. Man, 33 - officially Three Cars Crazy. Box no. 2609.
I always begin the LRB at the personals. Then I drink. Then I weep. Then I move on to the articles. I drink some more. I weep some more. Then I hit the letters page. You can see where I'm heading here? That's right, it's straight to the claims court and if these personal ads don't get any better I'm going to sue each and every one of you. Depressed, anxious, alcoholic M (41) means business, so too does his legal representation (M, 38, cha-cha enthusiast, and M, 42, bit of a chubster but cute to boot). Box no. 6334.
Too much sex, not enough vitamin B12. 1 Vegan love-god on the brink of mental and physical collapse (M, 26) seeks pallid, calcium-deficient F for nights of apathy, depression and headaches whilst touring the moral high ground. It's all faux-fur, acrylics and rehydrated soya at box no. 7633.
Lessee, whaddwegodheeer??? Looks pretty, smells pretty, and takes me to the places I've only ever dreamt of going. Self-prescribing physician of lurve. Come on in, the shrooms are lovely. Man (that's Dr Man, lady) 98. Box no. 6319.
Heaven must be missing an angel. If you find her, tell her she bumped my car whilst trying to park her moronic, disco-blaring VW Beetle idiot mobile outside my flat during the early hours of Sunday morning. Insurance details, please, to touchy archivist desperate for a good night's sleep in Ni. Box no. 5897.
You're not the hottest property on the party circuit. You're a simple-minded publicity bint like all the other girls in the room. But, damn it, don't your eyes just sparkle beneath those tinted one-day Acuvues? Man, 28. Box no. 4789.
I like my women the way I like my kebab. Found by surprise after a drunken night out and covered in too much tahini. Before long I'll have discarded you on the pavement of life, but until then you're the perfect complement to a perfect evening. Man, 32. Rarely produces winning metaphors. Box no. 5632.
Damn it. Do all relationships have to end with a trip to the emergency room and a tube of Savlon? Romantic man, 36, seeks pretty little lady to cook the dinner, bring him beer, and surrender her right to orgasm. Box no.3741.
Man (53) in 16th year of having relationships with women whose name forms part of a song title WLTM anyone called Eloise, Renee, Delilah, Clementine or Black Betty.2 Age unimportant, but a photo, a birth certificate and a place on the electoral roll most certainly are. Box no. 8631.
Slip your hand into two top comers of the sheet. With one hand inside each of the top two corners, fold the sheet (right sides together). Slip each of the top corners into one of the bottom corners. Lay sheet on bed or table. Arrange and fold the corners neatly. Turn in selvages enough to make four straight sides. Fold in half, then in half again. (All four corners will be stacked together, and sheet will be in a long strip.) Then fold the long strip in half, then in half (or thirds, depending on the size of the sheet) again to make a square. Sheet should be a compact, neat square. Smooth and place on shelf. After that, dinner; then I may consider foreplay. You can call me Brigadier. M, 62. Likes things just so. Box no. 7441.
In a certain light I look like Robert Mitchum. In a certain light you look like Kim Novak. More usually I look like Shrek. More usually you still look like Kim Novak. Yes, you're very unlucky. Now pass me the Doritos and get over it. Box no. 3917.
Thorium is a radioactive metallic element used in X-ray tubes, photoelectric cells and sunlamps. Its isotope thorium-232 is used as a nuclear fuel in breeder reactors. The guy no one wants to be faced with in Scrabble (48) seeks hopeless Kerplunk and Buckaroo contestant to make my superiority at board games complete (I happily concede at Twister, although, strictly speaking, that's not a board game).' Box no. 8647.
In all organisms, the precise control of the expression of the many thousands of genes comprising their genomes is essential for correct development, growth and function. That's the rule, now meet the exception. Man, 43. Sharks in the gene pool, cell dysregularion and DNA-a-go-go with button-down, beardy biochemist. Divide and proliferate inappropriately iH box no.5809.
I pull all the right levers and push all the right buttons, all in the correct order, and still my computer produces this loser of an advert. Fortunately my Tyneside jambalaya will save me (M, 43), and you (M to 50), from having to worry about anything more technological than bits of crabstick between my teeth. Pick guitar, fill fruit jar and be gay-o at box no. 4566.
Boanthropist (M, 34) seeks bovine woman with udders and bell. Box no. 7986.
Seismic geometry is number forty-three in my list of vices. Name one other and I'll marry you. Pleading, needy, yet resolutely square M (38) WLTM any female who isn't my mother. Box no. 7553.
M, 34, WLTM F to 30 able scientifically to prove the validity of the ten-second rule concerning dropped food. Box no. 9713.
Computer scientist currently researching denotational semantics, maps programming and relationships between linear lambda-calculi and their models. I bait you, I lure you, then I reel you in like the fish you are. M (that's Dr M, girlfriend), 36. Box no. 6843.
Just how useful are radioisotopes in determining your ideal partner? Reply to amphetamine-fuelled love professor (M, 81) immediately to take the test of your lifetime. Box no. 5390.
Know your thermocouple accuracy table, then love me like the fool you are. Geo-sex daddy of the rhodium-refining world (M, 62) seeks practically anyone. Anyone at all. I mean it. Please. Anyone. Box no.7809.
Male otolaryngologist (39) seeks woman with normal-shaped head. Box no. 7598.
'Come on everybody! C-C-C-Come on everybody.' Lecturer in Linguistics and Philosophy (M, 38) seeks F to 35 with interests in the subfield of morphosyntax and theories of distributed morphology. Replies, and details of major published works, please, to Jive Bunny, J-J-J-Jive Bunny,4 box no. 4332.
Not allowed to compete in the 2004 RoboCup Robot Soccer World Cup with his team of bionically improved cats, computer geek and amateur biomechanic (M, 32) seeks woman to 30 with knowledge of advanced humanoid circuit systems to assist in the building of electronic water-loving mammal capable of writing children's fantasy fiction [or The Rob Otter Potter-Jotter®, to use the project's full name). Must also have large bust. No loons. Box no.8677.
They all laughed at Christopher Columbus. Freelance astronomer (male, 47) can prove the universe is shaped like a big egg. All he needs is the love of a good woman, and £40,000. Cheques and aillets-doux to box no. 3719.
My favourite Ben & Jerry's is Acid-Boiled Bones of Divorce Lawyer. They don't yet make it, but, damn, I can taste its sweet, sweet ice-creamy softness already. Bed-sit-living doctor (M, 54). Box no. 6321.
In the next Saul Bellow book, the hero dies in end. Spoiler of plots (ex-fiction-reviewer, working my way up to children's TV, M, 62) WLTM woman impressed by collections of badly-received proof editions. Who knows what tomorrow brings? I do - this tale ends with your falling hopelessly in love with me until I have another affair and you stab me mercilessly through the heart with the plastic spork you kept from our first meeting (it was at a Spudulike in Gloucester; you had chicken supreme and I had the chilli-non-carne vegetarian option). Box no. 621.
Save it - anything you've got to say can be said to my lawyer. But if you're not my ex-wife, why not write to box no. 5377. I enjoy vodka, canasta, evenings in, and cold, cold revenge.
LRB-reading women to 40! Save money when considering soup for dinner by becoming lover of 38-year-old man who buys plenty of soup but can never finish the whole tin. I'm only thinking of you. Box no. 1385.
Will you sleep with me? Knowing is half the battle. Man, neither the time nor the inclination for subtleties. Box no. 2574.
Some chances are once in a lifetime. Not this one - I've been in the last 12 issues. Either I strike gold this time or I become a lesbian. Man, 43. Box no. 8504.
I'll spend Valentine's Day giving enemas to constipated goats. I'm not a vet, but I do enjoy volunteer work. Man, 31. Box no. 1869.
Employed in publishing? Me too. Stay the hell away. Man on the inside seeks woman on the outside who likes milling around hospitals guessing the illnesses of out-patients. 30-35. Leeds. Box no. 3287.
Spirit the bluestones' of Stonehenge back to Pembrokeshire's glorious Preseli mountains with part-time Carreg Glas archaeological terrorist (full-time on-board caterer for Baltic cruise ships, M, 43). What we miss out in direct action, we make up for in impotent revenge fantasies. Welsh-speaking, bitter females to 50 used to confined quarters and restricted movement write to box no. 9532.
My lounge is like a disco; my kitchen is like the cocktail bar of a yacht. My garage is like an art museum, but my bedroom is like the Batcave. That's because at night I prowl the city, fighting crime and ridding the streets of evil. Multimillionaire cunningly disguised as mid-thirties IT exec. from Stepney, still living at mum's. Either it's a dippy egg or that aeroplane doesn't get anywhere near Mouthy Airport at box no. 2170.
To some, I am a world of temptation. To others, I'm just another cross-dressing pharmacist. M, 41. Box no. 3661.
Many are called, few are chosen. Telemarketeer (M, 25) wondering where it all went wrong and when can I get my money back (thanks for nothing, UCL). Box no.2387.
The first thing this column teaches you is not to struggle. The more you try to break away the tighter those knots become. If you can, make Silence your friend. Sure, laughter will help pass many a lonely hour, but the Silence always returns. Faithful. Steadying. And when you stare into that darkness, let Silence embrace you as you yourself embrace the last forgotten rumours of your life. Drink is a mistress who will always love you. And I have loved her in return, drinking of her sweet, fragrant lies - letting her soft whispers of affection stream through my blood. But when she is gone, Silence returns and we hold each other like lovers reconciled after damnable affairs. Hold me, oh Silence. Keep me close to thy heart that I may find succour in thy hating breast. Children's entertainer (M, 56) WLTM nubile F to 25 for sharing of the lunch bill and tours of the north-west party circuit
Leading a ragtag fugitive fleet on a lonely quest for a shiny planet known as Earth. Join me -I may want to meet more of your kind. Ridiculous M still dependent on his mother after all these years (43 of them). Make sure it's a chucky egg or I won't eat it. For centuries we have travelled, etc., etc. Box no. 6231.
Using advanced quantum mechanics and some bits from an old Breville sandwich toaster, I have been to the future and witnessed its glories. They say men will never be able to hover like wasps, but I tell you they haven't witnessed our many bounteous unions with the delightful Wasp People of Ruislip's as yet undiscovered subterranean caverns. Join me, and let us be the first to offer up our bodies and secure majestic wasp-like hovering abilities for generations to come. Man, 63. Possibly ingesting medicines that shouldn't be taken orally. Box no. 2268.
Open your heart to the impossible! One day, men will possess psychic tentacles capable of reading the minds of our lovers and satisfying their every desire. Until then, you'll just have to put up with accident- prone biological researcher (M, 35). I'm all fingers, thumbs, and whatever the hell this thing growing on my elbow is. Box no. 8545.
A chicken laid an egg. And when that egg hatched a chick appeared. That chick grew up and in its turn laid an egg. When that egg hatched, sure enough a chick appeared and fed and grew and in its turn laid an egg. The egg hatched. And the chick that hatched from that egg fed and grew and loved and laid an egg. But when that egg hatched, they found this ad inside! 42-year- old chemical-ingesting loon (M). Box no. 4731.
Chew your food. It's better for your digestion and improves the facial muscles. Also it breaks up the signals from the taps government agents place inside potato-based products. Want more tips? Write to South West man (41) with big heart and untraceable phone-line. Box no. 7431.
'All he needs are some psychiatric treatments to reduce the strength and regularity of his biorhythmic brain explosion episodes. For one so young, his powers of telekinesis are far beyond that of any project we've developed so far. His brain has the power to rule the world. It may cause you some problems at home, but the benefits of the bionic mind far outweigh the pitfalls.' My school report, 1979 (Porton Down Preparatory School). So much promise then, look at me now. Ex-superhero, now librarian (M, 31) seeks solvent woman to 35 for Scrabble, real ale and spontaneous morphing. Wilts. Box no. 1179.
The LRB's own Son of Jor-El, stuck in the Phantom Zone of the personal ads for three years now. Reckon I could sail lick anyone of you wusses. Man, 36. Alone. Tonight, and very possibly for ever. Box no. 4723.
'If you can't take a little bloody nose, maybe you oughtta go back home and crawl under your bed. It's not safe out here. It's wondrous, with treasures to satiate desires both subtle and gross; but it's not for the timid.' LRB personals are the Next Generation. Serial advertiser (M, 37) knows it but still comes back for more (and more). Please help me. Box no. 6311.
More Grand Moff Tarkin than Darth Vader - not quite evil enough, but working at it M (35) WLTM gullible F to 40 with whom to annunciate ev-er-y syll- able whilst taking over the un-i-verse. Join me in my Tooting Death Star for canapes, intimidating silences, and perfect posture. Box no. 2306.
This ad is the final phase in my plan to conquer the earth. Man, 41, seeks puppet-like trillionaire F with vast army and intergalactic fleet, ready to hand over total control of all affairs. Must also enjoy canasta and be a non-smoking vegetarian. Box no. 3510.
Whenever I try to cancel my LRB subscription, I suffer stigmata and holy visions dance around my bedroom like so many drunken midgets. Man, 41, Leicester. Possibly the Messiah, or something. Box no. 6108.
She signed the letter 'All yours, Babooshka'. Little did I know that Babooshka wasn't, in fact, my wife trying to catch my infidelity (thanks for nothing, Kate Bush), but a gorgeous East European minx looking for no-strings love and a place to rest her tired head every now and again. If only I'd realised when I replied with a parcel of my smalls and a request to use non- bio (I have very sensitive skin). The bad-luck fairy sits permanently on the shoulders of male doofus (38) at box no. 3121.
Attracting a mate with these ads is like shooting fish in a barrel. Blind marksman (M, 38), firing blanks the wrong way, seeks bigger target fitted with klaxon for narrowing of implausible odds. Dulwich. Box no. 5363.
If Mother could see me now. Fortunately her bad hip prevents her coming up the stairs too often. Man, 36, seeks woman to 40 before the stairlift engineers are called out and my love life has to run its course in shopping-centre food courts yet again. Box no. 6407.
'A game hardly worth the candle' (ex-second wife, Jan. 1997). Box no. 2549.
One day all these ads will be collected in a huge best-selling volume and a question on them will appear in Oxbridge undergraduate finals. Mine won't be there, of course. Entirely forgettable man (43) hoping to find humdrum woman for eventual long-term disappointment. Replies when you can be bothered to box no. 2787.
Bastard. Complete and utter. Whatever you do, don't reply- you'll only regret it. (Man, 38.) Box no. 2817.
Without love, it doesn't matter if you have all the qualifications in the world. Which I have. Please write for full list. I also have all the money in the world and look like Jude Law. Yes, I can provide a photo. M, 71, Ottershaw. When named I am the man apart. Box no.4319.
Narcissistic man, 32. If you're better-looking than me (and I doubt it), why not write? Box no. 6511.
True love travels on a gravel road. Not in Cardiganshire - it travels on dirt tracks up unfeasibly steep hills littered with sheep shit. There's my house, right at the top. Come on in, the fire's warm and the roof's just been replaced (it carries a five-year guarantee against leaks). Simple man, 58, of simple means. Don't expect a welcoming party. Box no. 3290.
Google-search this: 'Inherited wealth real estate Bentley' - that's me, result 63 of 275. It'll take 0.21 seconds to find me online, but an eternity of heartache in real life. Save time now by writing to box no. 4511, or by just giving up. Mother says you'll never be good enough for me anyway. And you carry the odour of your class.
In June 2001, Laura Buxton released a balloon during her grandparents' golden-wedding anniversary celebrations in Staffordshire. She'd attached to it her name and address along with a note asking the finder to write back. Ten days later she received a reply. The balloon had been found by another Laura Buxton in Wiltshire, 140 miles away. Both Lauras were aged 10 and both had a three-year-old black Labrador, a guinea pig and a rabbit. The replies to my personal ads are of a very similar nature, always coming from people who share my name and major characteristics of my life. The only distinction is that my replies do actually come from me. It's not because I have a poor memory and respond to adverts I don't remember placing, but because I'm so damned attractive I find me irresistible. You will too, but if you don't own a three-year-old black Labrador, a guinea pig and a rabbit I won't reply. Man. Gorgeous man. 37. Lovely. Kettering. Adorable. Yummy. Reply soon. Of course I will, you silly little pussycat. Box no. 2541.
Ah - to return to student days! Private Tuscan villas, carefree womanising, yachting and riding the horses on Father's orchard. Moneyed M (51) will make you aware of it at every opportunity, and then blame you for his downfall and current penury. Are you proud of dragging me down to your level? Maybe not now, but give it a month or so after you've replied to box no. 4736.
